[Plugin] Invalidate window after changing its colours (#23058)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#23023] Large scenery clearance height interpreted as negative when greater than 127.
- Fix: [#23044] "remove_unused_objects" command causes blank peep names.
- Fix: [#23048] Map generator allows map sizes out of range through text input.

> - Fix: [#23058] [Plugin] Changing window colours doesn't trigger the window to be fully redrawn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#23058] [Plugin] Changing window colours doesn’t trigger the window to be fully redrawn.
```
